pin invocation image to linux/amd64 (#2286)
getporter/porter: docs/content/bundle/custom-dockerfile.md

It is your responsibility to provide a suitable base image, for example one that has root ssl certificates installed. 
*You must use a base image that is debian-based, such as debian or ubuntu with apt installed.*
Mixins assume that apt is available to install packages.

> Porter currently only supports single platform/architecture invocation images, by default it's linux/amd64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Porter only supports targeting a single os/architecture when the bundle is built. By default, Porter targets linux/amd64.
```
